Updated description of $document modifier (#964)
AdguardTeam/AdguardKnowledgeBase: 01.general/02.how-to-create-your-own-ad-filters/docs.en.md

* `||example.org^$script,stylesheet` — corresponds to all the scripts and styles from `example.org`.
* `||example.org^$~image,~script,~stylesheet` — corresponds to all requests to `example.org` except for the images, scripts and styles.

<a id="document-modifier"></a>
##### **`document`**

> The rule corresponds to HTML document requests, it applies to main frames only (i.e. HTML documents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule corresponds to the main frame document requests, i.e. HTML documents that are loaded in the browser tab. It does not match iframes (there's a `$subdocument` modifier for these).
```

> In the case of blocking rules, `$document` also disables "main frame bypass" logic and blocks requests _strictly_ with a blocking page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, AdGuard won't block the requests that are loaded in the browser tab (e.g. "main frame bypass"). The idea is not to prevent pages from loading as the user clearly indicated that they want this page to be loaded. However, if the `$document` modifier is specified explicitly, AdGuard does not use that logic and prevents the page load. Instead, it responds with a "blocking page".
```

> In case of allowlist it completely disables blocking on corresponding pages. It is equal to simultaneous use of `elemhide`, `content`, `urlblock`, `jsinject` and `extension`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this modifier is used with an exclusion rule (`@@`), it completely disables blocking on corresponding pages. It is equal to the simultaneous use of `elemhide`, `content`, `urlblock`, `jsinject` and, `extension` modifiers.
```

> **Compatibility with different versions of AdGuard.** Blocking request type logic now only supported by dev-build of AdGuard.

###### `document` example

* `@@||example.com^$document` — completely disables filtering on all pages at `example.com` and all subdomains.
* `@@||example.com^$document,~extension` — completely disables blocking on any pages at `example.com` and all subdomains, but continues to run userscripts there.

> 

Reviewer: Please add examples when `$document` is used alongside `$redirect`, `$removeparam` or `$replace`.

Author: updated
